# RedditAPI
The specific subreddit that I used for my project is r/Naruto, a subreddit dedicated to the show/ manga. My code iterates over 100 posts (line 11) and filters them according to if a post is flared as a "Discussion", and has the name of a character inputed by the user (line 22). The code also outputs the title, upvotes, # of comments, and url mainly to help identify the relevenvance and popularity of the inputed character among discussions (lines 33-38). To achieve iteration, I used a while loop with the condition <=99, since in the "children", the first post starts at 0 rather than 1 (line 26). I made a variable called "post" (line 23) to keep track of how many iterations the loop went through, adding 1 after each loop. Each iterated return is then stored into a list (processed_data [line 24]), which is then writen into different lines in line 54 (.csv file). I also had to change the flare output into a string (line 29) so that I can create a conditional for the term "Discussion."

When running the code/ using the code, the first thing I had to do is install requests (which allows me to get the data from the reddit link), and unicode (which translated the title of the post in readable format). To do that, I just had to do "pip install requests" and "unicode" for it to download. Then, I imported both into the environment. When running the code, the user is prompted to enter the name of a character from the series (to test it out, I recommend inputting "Naruto"). When entering the name, the code automatically identifies the discussion posts that mention the character and writes each post into a .csv file. There, each post is organized based off of their title, upvote amount, # of comments, and the link to the post, all the user has to do is input a character name. 
